So many times we have money issues that
aren't actually about the money itself.
It's about some other relationship that
we had in our life that we've transposed
onto money. In this coaching session
that happened during one of our live
Q&As, we talked to a person who's really
struggling with money and finds out what
they're really struggling with
underneath that is their relationship
with safety. How can
I deal with money and not freeze up? Oh,
cool. Yeah. Okay, cool. What are you
scar What scares you about money?
Um I So the surface level I don't know.
Um, if you had to guess, well, I if I
had to guess,
uh, I would
guess
that I don't feel
like I deserve
it. What What other good things do you
not feel like you deserve?
unconditional love. Great sex.
Great sex is good. Um, great. What's the
things? What are the other things you
don't feel like? Safety. Is that what
you said? Yeah. Yeah.
Awesome. What are you holding back right
now?
Yeah. That's so
Yes. Yeah.
Right there. You're trying to make
yourself feel safe.
Yes. Yes, I am. Right. Yeah. There's a
whole bunch of people looking in and
Yeah. trying to There's a whole bunch of
people on this call who also don't feel
safe.
Fair enough. Yeah.
You're just the one who's able to sit
here and admit it.
Yeah. So, what's going to make you feel
safer? Trying to hold it back or feel
it?
If I could avoid either would be nice,
you know, you can't can't. No, I can't.
No. Life is inherently unsafe.
Yeah.
What was your question again? Oh, I'm
good. We don't need a question. It's a
We're good. Very good. Yeah. Yeah. So,
there's this thing that you're dodging.
You felt it and now you're kind of
dodging it. And the more you dodge it,
the less safe you
feel, and the more that you're with it
somehow or another, there's also a lack
of safety, but there's a groundedness it
seems like.
So, let's just let's just dodge it for a
minute. All right, let's make sure that
we're not feeling we're not gonna
physically Yeah. Yeah. We're just gonna
feel that. Yeah. Like we do with money
just Yeah. Just the same way we do it
with money. Right. Right. Yeah. And now
let's now let's do the opposite. Let's
just go right into that feeling of lack
of safety.
Yeah.
Here's the weird thing, man. The weird
thing is you freeze around money, but
you always have enough of it.
Yeah. You always feel unsafe, but yet
somehow you always figure out how to be
safe.
You feel unsafe, but yet you're safe
enough to come here and have this
conversation with me in front of all
these folks.
Yeah. So, where's the story end and the
truth began in this? Like, how does
that what's the truth about your safety?
That feels like it's part of the
problem. It feels fragmented.
So, Oh, for sure. At the same time.
Beautiful. So answer that question, but
this time answer it from while deeply in
touch with that feeling of lack of
safety. And I'm just while you're there,
I'm just going to ask what's the truth
about your safety?
I don't want to feel sick.
Some part of me doesn't want to feel
sick.
Yeah. Yeah.
How does that make sense? It totally
makes sense. How do you feel alive and
perfectly safe at the same
time? Right. You don't look at the bank
account because that increases the fear.
Okay.
Yeah. Yeah. It's like your version of
like a of a horror movie.
you. It's like that's your entertainment
so that you can feel that deep
aliveness. But what we're doing right
now is giving you another way to feel
it, which is to go right into the lack
of safety.
Yeah.
See already the deep like now you did it
for just a couple minutes and now your
sense of empowerment is so much
different than it was before.
Yeah, that is true. Isn't that crazy? It
is crazy. Yeah, that's that's one of the
ways empowerment comes to us is to
actually feel face the things that we
don't want
to. It's how we build trust in
ourselves,
right? So, I turn that into a practice.
I I just try and do that over and over
again until it has no staying. Like,
what's That's a pretty good way to make
it into a lack of safety.
Tell Tell me more. What What do you mean
when you say that?
Well, you're going to tell yourself to
do that and then the next step is you're
going to wonder if you're going to do
it. And then the next step is you're
going to fail to do it at some point and
then you're going to beat yourself up
for not doing it. And then you're going
to feel not safe because you told
yourself to do something that you're not
doing. Like typically that's how that
moves.
Fair enough. Yeah. And there you are.
Look at there. Like Yeah. There. What's
that? What do you have to do to like
What was that? That was appreciation.
That was me looking at you with
appreciation. That is your answer.
That that appreciation connection. Appre
Yeah. Appreciate that thing. Connect
with that
thing. Appreciate yourself in that in in
the doing of that. Oh, look. Right.
Right. Yeah. Look at that. I'm I'm with
I'm with my lack of safety right now.
and appreciate that.
Yeah.
Cool. Thank you. Total pleasure.